In this module,
we learned how to customize our AppSync APIs and AppSync client. We went
over using AppSync subscriptions from client application to get notified on
data changes whenever a mutation is performed. We explored server‑side
caching with our AppSync APIs and implemented per‑resolver caching from our
Globomantics task query to provide the users with fast responses and
improve our API latency.
We looked at different fetch policies with our AppSync client and
implemented client‑side caching to show cached data while the data from
the server was still being loaded in order to provide our users with a
better experience. We learned how to customize our AppSync client to
work offline so users can keep working uninterrupted when an internet
connection is not available and sync the changes when they are back
online.
Finally,
we learned how to use pipeline resolvers to implement custom
logic using lambda functions in order to customize the data
coming into our application.
I hope this has given you an understanding on how to work with application
data using AppSync. You can start by putting this knowledge to use by using
AppSync for building your own applications. Thank you for watching.